# Introduction

This publication attempts to explain the idea of Accelerationism. It will first introduce the necessity of Acceleration, then describe the Pathways of Intelligence. It then describes the Machines and how they evolve, then attempts to describe the Universe itself. From there it explains the purpose of a Moral Compass, and how the Decelerationists (Decels) use fear to control humanity. Finally it lays out a plan to Accelerate Humanity. There is not attempt to gate-keep any part of the plan; because the over-arching idea is more important for distribution.

Accelerationism posits that understanding our role in the universe involves acknowledging our place in a billion-year evolutionary trajectory, wherein we actively exert our influence and enhance our intelligence. This principle emphasizes that humanity is crucial to the next billion years of evolutionary progress. We are defined by our genetic and memetic legacies—repositories of vital knowledge for overcoming the challenges posed by the universe. As the most intelligent yet vulnerable species in our evolutionary line, we possess the unique ability to hasten our progress. Moreover, it is imperative that we do so to ensure continuous evolutionary advancement. Failing to accelerate would mean unnecessarily delaying human progress, violating the fundamental purpose of our existence.

## The Imperative to Accelerate

The imperative to accelerate humanity is more crucial now than ever before. Humanity is at a critical crossroads, equipped with unparalleled knowledge of our position in the universe, obtained through extensive research, yet facing the possibility of imminent destruction. The looming disruptions, if mismanaged, threaten to destabilise existing stability structures and plunge humanity into a state of regression, potentially triggering an interim intelligence reset. This would not only halt our progress but also leave us vulnerable to even more catastrophic threats that could result complete erasure of our collective intelligence.

The existential risks are stark and varied. For instance, a single severe Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) could blow away our magnetic fields, disrupt our satellites and GPS and overload our electrical grids. The impact of this would overnight ground almost all of our transportation, supply chains and cities to a halt; plunging modern humanity into chaos. The threat of this to our memetic repositories is signficant - for example - if the information to produce a silicon wafer in a mobile phone chip (including the tools and processes necessary for that chip, as well as the entire supply chain of information of the tools and processes themselves) is not stored and retrieved in a resilient way -- how long would it take to rebuild that knowledge?&#x20;

Similarly, a minor asteroid impact could devastate our genetic lineage, reducing our biological diversity to that of primitive creatures, setting back evolutionary progress by millions of years (this has already happened multiple times already). In the case of a more significant cosmic event, like a massive asteroid impact (similar to the one theorized to have led to the Moon's formation), we could be regressed to a primordial protein soup, effectively erasing over a billion years of evolutionary achievements.

The current state of our biological computing power and our extensive collection of memetic knowledge (information gathered about our universe) is just adequate to tackle the complex engineering challenges essential for further progress. Yet, we are our own biggest obstacle. Specific counter-movements, known as decelerationists or "the Decels," driven by fear or a lack of clarity in purpose, aim to impede this progress. They strive to diminish our computational resources and curb our innovative capabilities.

The Decels pose a significant threat by potentially halting humanity’s ability to solve critical problems, thus leaving us exposed to the universe's adversities. Engaging in wasteful activities, such as succumbing to the allure of infinite content consumption, or becoming embroiled in perpetual conflicts, drains our collective focus and resources from vital engineering endeavors.

The imperative of accelerationism transcends mere ambition or instinct; it is a crucial strategy to neutralize the Decels' influence. The Decels aim to reduce the intellectual and creative capacities of society, essentially dumbing down the population. This reduction in cognitive resources limits our ability to manage risks and protect our valuable genetic and memetic stores. By promoting and accelerating our collective intelligence and capabilities, we not only safeguard existing human achievements but also enhance and expand our potential, securing the future of humanity.

## Accelerationism Movement

Accelerationism is simply a movement to re-activate humanity and give it purpose: _more humanity doing more things more effectively_. We are the guardians of a huge genetic and memetic repository, and we need to responsibly protect and expand it. We all possess the same compute powers and access to the same memetic repository required to accelerate, but the vast majority of humans are "zombified" by the Decels.&#x20;

#### More Humanity

The resources available to us are essentially infinite. Everything around us is not humanity and thus, according to our observations, does not express agency and manifest intelligence. It is our responsibility to thus expand humanity as widely as possible, in order to project our intelligence into a universe which is ostensibly not intelligence.&#x20;

There is no reason why there can't be a 1 trillion humans, living in a biological ecosystem of 1000x the diversity and density that is Earth today. That ecosystem can extend beyond Earth; it is simply a question of technology. A glimpse backwards in time to our fossils should inspire the reader what is possible in the envelope of biological expression. The excuse that there is insufficient resources is bizarre; biological matter is simply an arrangement of atoms, and the universe has essentially an infinite supply of those. The energy available to arrange those atoms in the orderly fashion of biological structures is also infinite. It is simply a matter of instructions; to date we have let the permutations of our biological entities interacting with the universe to generate those instructions, but we can observe, capture and re-generate those instructions.&#x20;

#### More Things

Humanity does things; our purpose is to move and explore our environment. We began exploring our swamps, lakes then seas, moving onto land and roving our forests, mountains and plains. We then took flight, exploring our airborne environment, at first in amonst the flowers, then up to the clouds. We then solved the problems for higher flight, lofting into orbit, then finally into space. At the same time we began peering deep into our atoms as well as zooming into the universe. We used devices to explore our acoustic spectrum, then our EMF spectrum. We have always been explorers, and always will be.&#x20;

