# My Journey of Accelerating

* Accelerating is a process of self-discovery. I was born in Darwin, Australia (the irony is not lost on me that I am birthed from a place with the namesake of the founder of the modern understanding of Genetic and Memetic evolution; Charles Darwin). I was 3rd in a family of 10, and was homeschooled through my entire schooling years.&#x20;
* I was taught, or inspired, can’t recall, to regard education as levels in a game. The faster you completed them, the faster you could progress through life. I realised Math as being the most important, so accelerated through that. Being home-schooled, my education was entirely my responsibility, my mother just regularly assessed and guided me.&#x20;
* I remember we had the Encyclopaedia Britannica in our home-library and I would love flicking through all volumes and learning about the world. I found it fascinating.&#x20;
* I first finished Grade 12 at 15, 2 years ahead of schedule, but my parents held me back to do an additional year since I was too young for tertiary education. So I did twice as many subjects as required. 2 Levels of advanced math, English, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Geography and an Elective. I enjoyed learning and was good at it. I finished Top 6 in my state despite never going to be school and largely being self-taught.&#x20;
* I was fascinated with flight and was entranced by the freedom of birds. Their agency was mesmerising to me. I was lucky to earn a scholarship to fly when I was 14, so completed my Private Pilot’s Licence, even before attaining a driver’s licence.&#x20;
* I decided I wanted to be a pilot and set my goal of flying the most inspiring machine in Australia at the time - the F/A-18 Hornet in the Royal Australian Air Force. But I was deemed too young to join Pilot Training so they sent me to the Academy instead. I studied a Bachelor of Technology in Aeronautical Engineering which I graduated top of class for.&#x20;
* Whilst at the Academy, I was confused by the many needless social complexities of the environment, so instead focussed on what was important - academics. My goal was to complete engineering, complete fighter training then move up to Test Pilot and potentially explore the idea of being an Astronaut. I was enchanted with idea of flying high, fast and in space. My email address at the time was even flyfast2000@yahoo.com
* Air Force Pilot training was a lesson in focus and determination. The stress was high, because at any stage you could be dropped off course, and I had a long 10year+ goal to achieve of Test Pilot & Astronaut. I had to practice techniques of overcoming stress and anxiety. I finished top of flight school and got sent to Fighter Training.&#x20;
* Whilst towards the end Fighter Training, some cracks began to appear, recognised by my instructors. Simply put, whilst I was an excellent pilot, I was deemed “risky” and uncontrollable, often flying the jet towards its outer envelope and experimenting with functions and manoeuvres that I hadn’t yet been trained on. In my mind I was simply trying to learn the machine and become comfortable with it. I was trying to teach myself.&#x20;
* After 12 months on domestic fighter operations, I was sent to the ultimate school - the school of F/A-18s.&#x20;
* Here I thought I was excelling. The jet was incredible, I could fly supersonic up to 7Gs and more. I was the top of my game. I was doing exceedingly well on course. However, without warning and in a shocking move to me, I was pulled off. They had deemed me far too risky and creative to deploy to the squadrons.&#x20;
* I was sent to fly the more tame maritime bomber for a posting, with the promise that if I settled down and became “normal” I’d get put back on my stream for operational fighters. It was debilitating to me. To me I was excelling and well on my path to Test Pilot and Astronaut. I wrestled with the change with great pain, and concluded I was fundamentally incompatible with the organisation.&#x20;
* Despite flying the bomber around the world for 3 years, which itself was a very rewarding experience, I decided I had to leave.&#x20;
* With great difficulty, after having served 11 years, I tendered my resignation to leave. It took a year to exit, and I can only describe the process as an unstoppable force meeting an unmoveable object. It was my hardest challenge and it forced me into positions of great pain, as I fought with the organisation to leave. My departure is best described as having burnt all bridges, with no possibility of ever returning. I had destroyed 11 years of investment of my time but I had huge conviction I had other dreams to pursue.&#x20;
* I decided to go all-in on the financial technology sector because I wanted to learn about money, technology and human behaviour. After a year of peeling back the layers of the onion I built what I thought was one of the most impactful things I could do.&#x20;
* The following 4 years was story of pain, progress, iteration, determination and discovery. But most importantly I stuck with my vision and did not give up. I recognised that what I was building was critically important and had to be delivered, but it had to be delivered correctly.
* After 4 years, the product was successful and I had my first taste of success. I had enough liquidity to do anything I wanted. The new group of friends I made were impressed but also largely didn’t understand me.&#x20;
* I entered a consumption do-loop. I had everything, I was told to start being wealthy, private, to enjoy life and protect my wealth. It was a slow insidious process.&#x20;
* Most surprising and shocking to me was my complete loss of productivity. I remember sitting in my office staring at my computer being unable to find any motivation to even check my emails let alone build a product. It was at this point I started drinking alcohol during the week excessively and took up the habit of vaping. I recall feeling a sense of nostalgia about my productivity and how that was the thing that I missed the most. Often times I wondered what I preferred more; to be wealthy and unproductive or without-wealth and productive. I felt at times I almost wanted the return to the latter, but the affluence around me always pulled me back.&#x20;
* It was during this time I came across the e/acc movement - effective accelerationism. I was immediately struck curious. It instantly made sense to me. I remember telling my close group of friends that e/acc was the first movement in my life that I could get behind and wanted to go all-in on. I started a e/acc social media account to learn more and integrate into the ecosystem.
* Later during the year I flew my helicopter from Australia to Japan and back with a friend. The flights over-water from Japan to Phillipines were long and without any connectivity so we spent the hours talking about everything. I pitched to him the idea of accelerationism. He was instantly captivated, remarking that it was almost a political movement that seemed to unite rather than divide. He encouraged me to continue to pitch it to more friends. It was also on this trip he campaigned me to film my Pole2Pole trip, and introduced me to his friend - a film director.&#x20;
* I decided to commit to filming the Pole2Pole trip; a trip I had planned to do simply for myself, since I had set it as a goal and was a reward to myself planned a few years into the future. The film director joined me on my subsequent flights to begin filming.&#x20;
* On the first of Jan the next year, I decided something had to change so I completely quit alcohol, sugar, carbs and vaping; as well as return to regular exercise. I knew I needed a reset. It was the best thing I did.&#x20;
* In the new year I was with my film director flying the helicopter from Australia to the Singapore Airshow. I once again pitched him the Accel movement. He was fascinated and pushed me to expose more of it, even on camera. His idea was to make it part of the Pole2Pole trip, as a sort of reason, a narrative for the trip. I pondered it. It was also at this time we had begun reaching out to sponsors to see who would be keen to participate in the trip. I thought it would be fun to work with some big sponsors to build exposure.&#x20;
* The reaction of sponsors to the planned trip was extremely positive, almost too keen. I suddenly realised the trip would be a waste of opportunity to give away sponsorship. It was my trip to launch something big. With the inspiration of my friends, we decided to commit to launching an “ACCEL” brand, to represent the Accelerationist movement.&#x20;
* From there things snowballed fast. We suddenly had a brand, a narrative and a story. I pitched ACCEL harder. Each time it landed well. Each time it was validated to me. I began feeling increasingly motivated and louder about it.&#x20;
* At some point I decided to cross the point of no return. ACCEL was too big of an idea. I needed to go all-in. I published on all of my socials, and even doxxed my 6-year old anon crypto personality to the world.&#x20;
* I was all-in and there was no stopping me. I felt an incredible sense of liberation. I felt I had found my destiny, my purpose. I knew exactly what I needed to do, and I knew I had the time, resources and mental fortitude to attempt it.&#x20;
* And thus ACCEL was born.&#x20;

