# ACCEL Energy

* All of humanity needs food, water, oxygen and energy to live and express agency. On Planet Earth that is provided organically by our environment, but we compete with each other and the rest of humanity (plants and animals) for those resources.&#x20;
* But it doesn’t have to be that way. The resources we need are simply specific arrangements of atoms that are synthesised by organic processes. The plants produce oxygen, water is evaporated from our oceans and dropped onto our land around us, food is synthesised to us as various proteins and cellular compounds and finally the sun provides an abundance of energy to power the whole process.&#x20;
* We can use innovation and our access to energy to solve the supply of resources and live in post-scarcity. We actually must solve these problems before we can sustainably settle Mars; all food, water, oxygen, energy generation on Mars must be synthesised by sheer determination. We will invent the processes needed to do this, and those processes will be available to deploy back here on Earth.&#x20;
* Once we do this, we solve resource scarcity for all of humanity. We will no longer need to compete, in fact we can solve resource scarcity for not just us, but all the needs of our environment. We can transition from a parasitical relationship with our Earth, to that of a guardian relationship - we provide instead of pillage.&#x20;
* The vast majority of Australia is uninhabited, due to its wide land mass and insufficient carriage of moisture from the western side across the centre. This is also true for most of the Middle East. As a result the environment is deemed uninhabitable simply because the natural processes did not randomly come to be to provide the necessary building blocks (water). In past this was not the case, at some point Australia had a giant inland sea and contained huge amounts of flora and fauna) (also true for Middle East, hence the presence of huge oil deposits there).&#x20;
* There is no reason why we can’t use sheer willpower to invent the technology needed to import huge amounts of moisture into these interior deserts with the goal to make it habitable to humanity.&#x20;
* Such a system would look like a nuclear-powered energy site powering huge pumps to flood huge inland seas, or using atmospheric moisture pumps to draw out the moisture from the air as it passes over, or directly producing it from drawing oxygen and hydrogen together.&#x20;
* On the topic of energy; humanity progresses the light of consciousness by accessing more energy not less. We are able to express agency and manifest intelligence as we do work. The universe’s entropy will increase with or without us. It is our moral imperative to express as much agency as possible - because that is why we exist.&#x20;
* Thus we should seek the maximum amount of energy as possible, because that energy will be discharged whether we are involved or not.&#x20;
* In the beginning we synthesised sugars by eating our environment and converted them into glucose directly. We were the only machines.&#x20;
* We then accelerated our comfort and capability by inventing fire. This allowed us to keep food around for longer, eat more of it, and use light to express agency whilst we stayed awake at night.&#x20;
* We could then travel and explore the world, using our fire torches to guide our journeys and settle into our new environments. We used the flora and fauna around us as tools for exploration, comfort and food.&#x20;
* We then discovered denser and more transportable energy sources, such as whale/seal fat/blubber. The candles we made cast a more consistent light to allow us to more consistently express agency. We could stay awake at night and spread more memes throughout written and spoken format
* We then discovered oil, to the relief of the whales and seals, and we began to accelerate the size of our memetic and genetic repositories because it enabled us to do more things faster.&#x20;
* We invented industrial machines that enabled us to work and deliver our intelligence to a much greater degree.&#x20;
* Oil has an energy density of 42joules per gram. Wood has an energy density far less than that. It was also much more available (at first) and we didn’t have to cut down huge forests to supply the energy. We simply pumped it out of the ground.&#x20;
* Nuclear energy has an energy density of 500,000joules per gram. It is over 10000 times more energy dense than fuel, and could be used to vastly accelerate humanity. Safety concerns around nuclear can all be addressed with sheer will-power and ingenuity; the correct implementation of technology and processes.&#x20;
* More importantly, nuclear fusion fuel is completely distributed. It can be theoretically synthesised from any location on earth with the right technology stack. The information required to do so, whilst yet to be fully understood, is just a meme and can be added to humanity’s memetic repository to be shared abundantly.&#x20;
* There is no reason to think of energy as finite, it’s not, the entire universe is in some form of energy state. We simply need to access it through our knowledge of the universe, then use it to express agency and extend the light of consciousness.&#x20;
* Thus we don’t have any excuses to pursue post-scarcity. All of those limits are artificial and self-imposed.&#x20;
